happiness come close check month
happy shopping in expert
hello m live first urban
project location
studio julian tree look today in
our release bribe 18 million music
and documented fact
receiving passed office room
Parts to shop bribes in the amount of 3
million rubles investigators are preparing
documents to the court to bring
criminal case against the chairman and
Vyatskopolyansky District Court not
fit into the rotation speed biathlon
in the center of the city made a soft
inspectors drunk driver vases
the six met at the crossroads
an accident involving two cars
fixed the cctv camera on
Spasskaya street
Investigative Committee of Russia is preparing
documents to the regional court to get
sanction for a criminal case
regards to the chairman
Vyatskopolyansky District Court Sergey
Kashina was caught on 4 June
bribery investigative bodies with
a statement of extortion turned
head of one of the enterprises
cities Vyatskiye Polyany
he reported that the chairman
Vyatskopolyansky District Court, Sergey
Kashin extorts 18 million from him
rubles for his previous judicial
civil judgment
eventually the chairman was caught with
in the office of his office June 4
2013 during the operational
events by the officers of the FSB of Russia
Kirov region was documented
fact
getting passed in the office
parts to the store and bribes in the amount of 3
million rubles
present verification activities
are continuing at the moment Sergey
Kashin continues his service
activity at the previous position
but the status of the accused chairman
Vyatskopolyansky District Court may
appear within 10 days after filing
documents in the Kirov regional court for
this presentation time should
review the panel of judges and take
decision in Kirov offender in the field
helped the traffic police inspector to identify
drunk motorcycle driver true before
this house on the car almost hit
motorcyclist
when turning left she didn't notice
two-wheeler in the end driver
kawasaki motorcycle tried to get away from
collision with niva
lost control and fell injuries
he got a motorcycle passenger and himself
driver
after the accident arrived
doctors at the motorcycle driver installed
intoxicated now
biker facing deprivation of driving license
and the woman driver is not fine with you
one and a half thousand rubles
high-speed biathlon in the city center
arranged software inspectors drunk
driver vazovskuyu six first on
your car and then yours
two he tried to hide
from the cops how it all ended and who
eventually won captured
DVR
and Sergey Pichugin studied footage outfit DPS
returns to the traffic control with a night
shifts not far from Lenin street in them
nearly crashes the classic sixth model
although at the crossroads a vase driver should
was miss patrol cars
on the morning of June 1 around 7 am the driver
car VAZ 2106 grossly violating
road rules in front of
DPS inspectors did not fulfill the requirement
about stopping outfit dps asks for help from
other patrols are signals and
requirements to stop the scammer
classic ignores red signals
he does not notice the traffic light and passing and
cars trying to go around and everything on
extremely high speed in turn with
Lenin streets to Orel driver
written off with difficulty
helped the border here the chase ends
the food is not run until one inspector
pursues violators 2 tries
avoid accidents because six rolled
back first had to be rearranged
patrol cars then catch up to the classics
and put it on the handbrake after a few
seconds already on the street freedom inspector on
the car is catching up with a partner with a violator
drivers turned 21-year-old young
man does not have the right to drive
so as not to run again put on him
handcuffs
nothing at all that can pieces
the driver was tested for alcohol
the result was positive and
the next few days he had to
hold in a cell according to eyewitnesses for
drunk steering wheel he sat down after
tragedy in the family recently after an accident died
his father
Sergey Pichugin scene
and in conclusion our traditional
heading video recorder collision
two cars at the crossroads
Savior and freedom recorded the camera
observations
the blow was not strong and most likely
cars only broken headlights
possible participants of the accident did not
call the police
an accident on the street lepce almost
provoked and the SUV driver
driving style all in the same street leps
the mitsubishi pajero driver
at the crossroads when turning left
the owner of the SUV almost knocked
pedestrian
and this is Lenin street here the owner
black land cruiser SUV decided
drive around the oncoming lane to
fortunately oncoming cars on his way not
it turned out and the driver did not provoke
collision
gazelle driver maneuver outraged eyewitnesses
with the receptionist on the street
production truck clipped
the car with the camera and at the same time crossed
the entry into the red light
Elena splashes to the scene at
that's all if you witnessed
any incident took it off
your mobile phone or on
send your amateur camcorder
video on our e-mail m n Kirov
dog yandex.ru
or call and report information on
telephone in 47 3302 also release
project scene you can
look at our official website
one city dot pv studios for you
worked and Julia Andreeva
be careful and careful see you
as always on the first city